README.md, before:

# Universal Connect Widget

This repository is a monorepo, which contains the pieces that make up the Universal Connect Application. It is a full-stack
application, which anyone can clone and self-host as a way to serve the connect widget via a URL, which can then be loaded
into an iframe.

## Table of Contents
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Preferences and Aggregator Credentials](#preferences-and-aggregator-credentials)
- [Authentication](#authentication)

## Other Resources
- [Additional Info](MISC.md)
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Docker](DOCKER.md)
- [Monorepo](MONOREPO.md)
- [Preference Details](PREFERENCES.md)

## Documentation

Please refer to the [UCP documentation](https://docs.universalconnectproject.org) (Coming soon) for additional information on how to use the widget.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the `ucw-app` repo
1. From the root directory, run:
   1. `npm ci`
   1. `cp ./.env.example ./.env`
   1. `cp ./apps/server/.env.example ./apps/server/.env`
      1. See [PREFERENCES.md](PREFERENCES.md) for details on what values you must provide in the `./apps/server/.env` file
   1. `cp ./apps/server/cachedDefaults/preferences.example.json ./apps/server/cachedDefaults/preferences.json`
      1. Make sure you then set up your preferences (see [PREFERENCES.md](PREFERENCES.md) for details)
1. Make sure you have Docker installed (or another compatible container runtime), which is a required dependency for the institution search feature to function (more info in [DOCKER.md](DOCKER.md))
1. Finally, you can run the docker containers, or just run via node.
    1. For docker: `docker compose up`
    1. For node: `npm run dev`

## Preferences and Aggregator Credentials

For any aggregator/provider you are planning on using, you will need to create your own developer account, and then provide your credentials.

See [PREFERENCES.md](PREFERENCES.md) for details.

## Authentication

The expressjs endpoints that are exposed in these repositories do not provide any authentication. You will need to fork the repo if you want to add your own authentication.

Commit message:

Additional steps for testing the service in a browser

README.md, after:

# Universal Connect Widget

This repository is a monorepo, which contains the pieces that make up the Universal Connect Application. It is a full-stack
application, which anyone can clone and self-host as a way to serve the connect widget via a URL, which can then be loaded
into an iframe.

## Table of Contents
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Preferences and Aggregator Credentials](#preferences-and-aggregator-credentials)
- [Authentication](#authentication)

## Other Resources
- [Additional Info](MISC.md)
- [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Docker](DOCKER.md)
- [Monorepo](MONOREPO.md)
- [Preference Details](PREFERENCES.md)

## Documentation

Please refer to the [UCP documentation](https://docs.universalconnectproject.org) (Coming soon) for additional information on how to use the widget.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the `ucw-app` repo
1. From the root directory, run:
   1. `npm ci`
   1. `cp ./.env.example ./.env`
   1. `cp ./apps/server/.env.example ./apps/server/.env`
      1. See [PREFERENCES.md](PREFERENCES.md) for details on what values you must provide in the `./apps/server/.env` file
   1. `cp ./apps/server/cachedDefaults/preferences.example.json ./apps/server/cachedDefaults/preferences.json`
      1. Make sure you then set up your preferences (see [PREFERENCES.md](PREFERENCES.md) for details)
1. Make sure you have Docker installed (or another compatible container runtime), which is a required dependency for the institution search feature to function (more info in [DOCKER.md](DOCKER.md))
1. Finally, you can run the docker containers, or just run via node.
    1. For docker: `docker compose up`
    1. For node: `npm run dev`

It can take a minute or so for the server to initialize and set up elasticsearch.

Once the server is running, and you see a message that says, `"Message":"App initialized successfully"`, you can then navigate to [http://localhost:8080/?job_type=aggregate&user_id=test-user-id](http://localhost:8080/?job_type=aggregate&user_id=test-user-id) in a browser, and you should see the Universal Connect Widget UI load.

## Preferences and Aggregator Credentials

For any aggregator/provider you are planning on using, you will need to create your own developer account, and then provide your credentials.

See [PREFERENCES.md](PREFERENCES.md) for details.

## Authentication

The expressjs endpoints that are exposed in these repositories do not provide any authentication. You will need to fork the repo if you want to add your own authentication.
